Merge databases into 'Advanced computing' (#147)
sa-tre/satre-specification: docs/source/pillars/computing_technology.md

    For example, when using physical compute resources all sensitive data must be securely wiped before another user is given access to that same node.
    In a cloud hosted TRE virtual machines should be destroyed and recreated.
  - Mandatory

> * - A TRE may make data available to researchers using commonly used database flavours such as PostgreSQL, MSSQL or MongoDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* - A TRE may make data available to researchers using common databases such as PostgreSQL, MSSQL or MongoDB.
```

Reviewer 2: I agree with this

  - Databases must be secured and only accessible to users within the same project.

>     If shared (multi-tenant) database servers are used database administrators must ensure the database server enforces segregation of users and databases.

Author: ```suggestion
    If shared (multi-tenant) database servers are used, database administrators must ensure that the database server enforces segregation of users and databases belonging to different projects.
```
